# OpenMindset
OpenMindset is an interdisciplinary open-source project involving several different fields (such as artificial intelligence (AI), computer science, neural science, psychology, etc.). Our mission is to harness the continuous deployment and seamless collaboration features of Github to efficiently share, document,  understand and improve the way we think. We aim to eventually work towards crafting a generalized and standardized language to represent our feelings, emotions, and intuition based on our personal experiences so that we can then program and refine algorithms that work towards maximizing the output quality and quantity given the constraints of the human mind. (think of it as developing a programming language that we use to test/run on our own brain and debug + refine based on the results of our feelings so we towards the optimal solution)

# Problem Statement
The problem with today is that many people live out their lives in extremely inefficient ways. We can often be unsure of what we feel and what those feelings try to communicate, what our goals, values and wants are, and how to achieve what we want based on our goals. If we learned something new or a new way to think or do something, it's very hard or time consuming to compute, use, or share that with the world and often times we're forced to rely on making decisions based on several assumptions and high level data. Many people who faced mental health problems close up from external help or even if they try to seek help from people who they're closed to, they might be forced to adopt a solution that doesn't really work for them or inefficient coping mechanisms that causes more problems in the long term. Wouldn't it be nice if we can make all our thinking process more transparent so we could objectively work on it together? Although I believe there might be a need for privacy that could potentially stem from the fear of judgement, exploitation or social consequence when sharing what we call "sensitive information", we believe that judgement only exists when our solution is perceived to potentially cause problems for others and exploitation only exists when someone else use the information to assist them in implementing a solution that causes problems to the person who provides the information. This further incentivises a need for a more transparent, collaborative, and systematic way to share our feelings, beliefs, and conclusions of solutions so we as a society can work on finetuning it together and more efficiently utilize our resources to minimize problems for more people so that we can move towards a more coherent world where we are both more mindful of what we want and what others want and how to achieve what we all want while minimizing conflicting conclusions that are ubiquitous in today's society.

#Solution
we can....

# How to Contribute
We welcome contributions from individuals across disciplines: psychologists, neuroscientists, AI researchers, data scientists, software developers, and anyone passionate about mental health or solving problems in general. Whether you're interested in contributing code, algorithms, psychological insights, or documentation of your personal experience and how you handle them, your inputs are valuable. See our CONTRIBUTING.md for more details on how to get started.

# Community and Support
Join our vibrant community of members, developers, and researchers. Participate in discussions, share your ideas, and get support from fellow contributors in our Discord server: https://discord.gg/sgUjuwGvBp

# License
OpenMindset is licensed under  GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3, designed to encourage both non-commercial and commercial contributions under specific terms.
